Document link embed cache time (#261)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/message.mdx

</Alert>

<Alert type="info">

> Embeds from links are cached by the media proxy for 30 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The media proxy caches link embeds for 30 minutes.
```
